Release v0.3.6 (#639)
GetStream/stream-video-flutter: packages/stream_video_flutter/CHANGELOG.md

> ## 0.3.6
> ✅ Added
> 
> * Added `callEvents` stream to `Call` that replaces `events` and `coordinatorEvents` streams (both are now deprecated)
> * Added `callBackgroundBuilder` to `StreamOutgoingCallContent`
> 
> 🚧 Breaking changes
> 
> * Removed the `callCid` parameter requirement from `sendCustomEvent` method in `Call` class
> 
> 🐞 Fixed
> 
> * Fixed an issue that caused an empty Call participants list in CallState during ringing.
> * Fixed an issue that caused constant notification sound being triggered during the call on Android
> * Disabled camera mirroring when using back camera and when screensharing
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.3.6
✅ Added

* Added `callEvents` stream to `Call` that replaces `events` and `coordinatorEvents` streams (both are now deprecated).
* Added `callBackgroundBuilder` to `StreamOutg/oingCallContent`.

🚧 Breaking changes

* Removed the `callCid` parameter requirement from `sendCustomEvent()` method in `Call` class.

🐞 Fixed

* Fixed an issue that caused an empty Call participants list in CallState during ringing.
* Fixed an issue that caused constant notification sound being triggered during the call on Android.
* Disabled camera mirroring when using back camera and when screensharing.

```
